EDU-2316-EN-New-DDoS-Unmetered-documentation (#284)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/products/edge-firewall/ddos-protection/ddos-protection.mdx

---
title: DDoS Protection
description: Azion DDoS Protection protects your content and applications from Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks.
meta_tags: ddos, protection, attacks, security
namespace: documentation_products_ddos_protection
permalink: /documentation/products/edge-firewall/ddos-protection/
---

**DDoS Protection** is an [Edge Firewall](/en/documentation/edge-firewall/) module that protects your applications against *Denial of Service (DoS)* and *Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS)* attacks, at the network, transport, and application layers (layers 3, 4, and 7 of the OSI model, respectively). 

> At Azion, DDoS Protection is **unmetered**. It offers protection against DoS and DDoS attacks with unmetered bandwidth. This means that, no matter how much DDoS attack traffic is directed to your edge applications, or to the Azion infrastructure, the Azion dedicated network will guarantee that all services are constant and not affected by the attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Azion, DDoS Protection is **unmetered**, offering protection against DoS and DDoS attacks with unmetered bandwidth. This means that, no matter how much DDoS attack traffic is directed to your edge applications, or the Azion infrastructure, the Azion dedicated network will guarantee that all services are constant and not affected by the attack.
```

It works by running specific algorithms directly on Azion's distributed network to detect small attacks coming from a single IP and large-scale attacks coming from criminal botnet networks. 

The mitigation of DDoS attacks is carried out by Azion and doesn't impact the performance of its applications. Also, it doesn't require specific configuration, but it's possible to configure custom rules for specific detection, mitigation, and targeted attacks.

## Prerequisites

> To activate **DDoS Protection - Unmetered** you need to have an Azion **Business**, **Enterprise**, or **Mission Critical** service plan. The **Developer** plan doesn't offer support for DDoS Protection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To activate **DDoS Protection - Unmetered** you need to have an Azion **Business**, **Enterprise**, or **Mission Critical** [service plan](/en/documentation/services/service-plans/). The **Developer** plan doesn't offer support for DDoS Protection.
```

The account type configuration is available at Real-Time Manager (RTM), going to the **Account menu**, located in the upper-right corner. Under **Billing & Subscriptions**, then on the **Subscriptions** tab, at the last section, [Service Plans](https://manager.azion.com/billing-subscriptions/subscriptions).

> > Learn more about [Pricing & Service Plans](/en/pricing/).

Reviewer: You can use button: Go to Pricing and Services Plans reference

Reviewer: Avoid using &

## DDoS Protection - Unmetered advantages and characteristics

### Always-on mitigation

**DDoS Protection - Unmetered** is *always-on*. It's continuously monitoring network flow by inspecting incoming traffic and using *Deep Packet Inspection (DPI)*. It also provides advanced traffic analysis and signature algorithms to detect and block malicious traffic in time and with no impact on your applications.

> You can also optimize protection against DDoS attacks at the application layer (layer 7) using the [Web Application Firewall](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/web-application-firewall/) [Edge Firewall](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/) module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also optimize protection against DDoS attacks at the application layer (layer 7) using the [Web Application Firewall](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/web-application-firewall/), an [Edge Firewall](/en/documentation/products/edge-firewall/) module.
```

Reviewer: Component: tip

The **DNS Protection add-on** protects your DNS service from DDoS attacks. By keeping your DNS Master server hidden and spreading Azion's DNS servers to the internet, you'll rely on Azion to ensure the continuity of your services. The Azion DNS service is distributed in many different geographic locations and has protection against DDoS attacks.

Azion's DNS servers get their configuration from the customer's Master server, whether it's inside their infrastructure or in the cloud. If your infrastructure already uses the [DNSSEC](/en/documentation/products/intelligent-dns/dnssec-compatibility/) extension, you can count on DDoS Protection without giving up the guarantee of integrity and authenticity of your records, thus providing security and availability for address resolution for your business.

### Attack visibility

**DDoS Protection - Unmetered** offers complete visibility of application attacks through [RTM](https://manager.azion.com) or Azion [API](https://api.azion.com) to be able to view the attack volume. In conjunction with the **Security Response Team (SRT)**, you'll have access to post-event analysis and investigations.

### Security Response Team (SRT)

> **DDoS Protection - Unmetered** offers 24x7 access to Azion's *Security Response Team (SRT)*. The SRT can be contacted during an attack, after an attack, or even preventively, in the construction of customized rules. This service is available as an add-on for **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** service plans. Whenever contacted, the SRT will support you in incident triage, root cause identification, and application of necessary mitigations on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**DDoS Protection - Unmetered** offers 24/7 access to Azion's *Security Response Team (SRT)*. The SRT can be contacted during an attack, after an attack, or even preventively, in the construction of customized rules. This service is available as an add-on for **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** service plans. Whenever contacted, the SRT will support you in incident triage, root cause identification, and application of necessary mitigations on your behalf.
```
